welcome to the program it's 1400 hours
GMT that's 4:00 in the afternoon in Gaza
where Israeli forces are bombing areas
close to Al's Hospital in Gaza City
after ordering the hospital's immediate
evacuation just a few hours ago more
than 8,000 Palestinians have been killed
since the war started a Palestinian
child in Gaza is killed by Israel every
10 minutes Al jazer spoke to the
director of the aluts hospital on the
phone from Gaza he says there's no
reason for isra to be targeting the
hospital there is no reason in the
hospital there is no police presence no
military presence nothing at all just
thousands of Palestinians here many of
whom have lost their homes thousands of
others are seeking shelter in UNR
schools and Israel is targeting every
single building around Al's Hospital why
is that nobody
knows join me now is Al jazer
correspondent hanni Mahmud who joins us
from KH Unice inside the Gaza Strip and
uh for the for for the last uh few
minutes uh hany I believe that you've
been taking shelter as well what is the
situation like there
[Music]
now yes well within the past 30 minutes
or so uh loud explosions were heard uh
within the vicinity uh of the hospital
we later learned it was in Benny sahila
area that's a little bit far from the
hospital but because of the loud
explosions everybody thought it was a
close very very close to uh the the the
hospital uh it was an F-16 uh air
strikes on on a residential area and
open uh area uh by the time we heard the
explosion we just uh took shelter inside
uh the building of the hospital I was
mainly at the main entrance of the
emergency uh Department uh waiting for
for things to settle down we could see
smoke rising in the sky dark smoke and
that's when that normally happens uh we
think we we we know right away it's a
it's a residential home or building
that's being targeted uh the situations
are still intense there are more more
air strikes and and bombardment going on
in different uh parts of of hunis uh
because of disabled Communications the
paramedics and civil defense personel
could not locate the the site of the the
targeted area right away uh which forced
people who were in that are to take
injuries to surrounding medical centers
and a Smalls size hospitals uh we
believe uh if if if the med more medical
uh intervention needed those injur
injuries will be brought and transferred
to uh to the hospital later on so
expecting them at any time to come here
and of course the bombardment uh in and
around Al's Hospital uh in central Gaza
is concerning uh many people including
the director of the hospital
okay yes well we just uh read a
statement made by the director of alud
Hospital appealing to uh everyone just
to stand between uh between the uh
Israel and the the destruction uh of the
hospital so it doesn't happen uh there
are more than 14,000 people inside the
hospital including patients and and the
the the the hospital uh Administration
as well uh so earlier this day a sharp
warning was sent to the Palestinian
Crescent uh to uh uh to evacuate the
hospital uh but people have nowhere to
go as there is no uh safe place uh to go
to uh we do have a a guest with us here
uh she is an evacuate from Gaza City and
we we intended to ask her about the
daily humanitarian uh situations that
she's going through with her her family
uh and basma we need to know about the
condition we are in Gaza we are okay but
they asked us to leave and the north of
Gaza and to go towards the South we have
left the North and we went to the
South we came to uh our Rel
here I don't know what to tell you don't
know about the
situation water is is a crisis we can't
find a drop of water money we don't have
you have seen everything the war res
erupted immediately and a surprise to
everyone may Allah be with us we've been
targeted myself and my
family my daughter her husband her
children
my brother we have lost all these they
lost their
lives will be with us and Allah will be
with my father and help us to be patient
and please God everything happened to us
may happen to all other
countries that's it that's all what I
can
say may Allah help you B but what
you do every day as you can see we came
to the hospital and trying to find a
place to sleep I'm trying to find a bed
to my son and my daughter my daughter is
in the room of the head of the
department God is Paving the way for us
we don't know what to eat how to eat how
to spend thank God this is our life
thank God thank you B so this is uh
what's going on in in in Gaza and this
is just an example of an evacuate from
Gaza City to the southern part someone
who lost family members and and just
struggle daily for for their needs uh
water and and Food Supplies such a
heartbreaking situations for for basma
and her and her family uh but this is
the the reality of of every single
Palestinians in Gaza right
now Han mahm thanks very much for
joining us from Kan correspondent uh on
the ground